1. remove '/public' from url.(ukesh)(open)
2. notification and email testing.(ukesh)(open)
3. news broadcasting. (ukesh)(open)

4. leave: validation in late post.(ukesh)(open)
5. Wages tracking system for daily basis and contract basis.(ukesh)(open)
6. Day off exchange.(ukesh)(open)

8. Late Office in for two days a month leave(ukesh)(open)
9. Family detail maintain. (ukesh)(open)
10.Training Request and Training Call Process.(ukesh)(open)
14. Late In, Early Out Report. (ukesh)(open)
15. Forwardable days in leave table. (ukesh) (open)
16. Paid and unpaid flag in leave. (punam)(completed)
18. Assign while creating profile. (ukesh) (open)
19. Service Type in leave Assign. (punam) (completed)


23. Shift should have total hour and grace time for late in and early out.(ukesh) (completed)
24. Overtime Approval system as leave Assign. (ukesh)(open)

jwl-training-session-1_25-Apr-17  issues | changes
4. Dropdown requires a default option.
5. 3 days late should deduct 1 leave as per policy in JGI.
6. 3 grace time leave should deduct 1 leave as per policy in JGI.
8. concept of profile copy.
11.Dropdowns with no list.
12.Appointment and Re-appointment concept for JGI.[pending]

    

jwl-training-session-2_27-Apr-17 issues | changes


4. Nepali Calendar, manual input ukesh
7. Pending leave Approval in dashboard. ukesh
9. Email link issue. ukesh
10. JGI work on holiday, dayoff factor 1.  ukesh   


13. link with payroll desktop version. pramod

14. Nepal banda half day shift test. ukesh
15. Attendance Daily report popover detail. ukesh
16. Report popover detail. ukesh



from rajkumr

2) on login view [not required]
→ user need to select :: Branch and Company from list

3) Label should be defined on filter option [need discussion]


7) Employee join ukesh
	→ latest employee join alert up to 9 
	→ set link on employee list and have to go through link to view all detail information

9) Mispuncth ukesh
	→ set link on icon to list all detail
10) Attendance request detail punam
	→ should go through 2 level hierarchy


11) Travel request
	→ advance request [advance amount should set on debit and credit]
	→ need to send account department [should get notification by all employee of under a/c dept]
	→ department type should be set
		→ hr
		→ general
		→ account
		→ production
	→ advance voucher generate option with debit credit
		→ settlement 
		→ travel expense request on defined date
		→ if defined date closed, then employee can’t open the expense request table

12) recommender and approver assign for loan request [punam]



JGI_training_session_3


3. OT automation. ukesh
4. Shift schedule automation. ukesh
5. shift overlap management. ['employee can work on different shift on a day. total working stays same.'] ukesh

7. Staff working as intern trainee, his/her job is to edit hr employee data. this staff should not affect payroll. ukesh



10. Leave Requirements of JGI. ukesh



15. Assets Implementation. prabin 
16. Menu Name Refactor/ should be meaningful and short. prabin
17. Reasons should not be mandatory on approve or recommend but mandatory on reject case. punam[done]
18. Team Status/Report. ukesh
19. Salary increment notification. punam[continue]


21. Expire notifications. | Resign  ukesh 

23. On Employee Report, % wise gender should be displayed. ukesh



shift assign issue